hey guys so I just wanted to film a
really short video I know on this beauty
channel I'm putting up a lot of non
Beauty related things but um I just want
to share with you my new favorite
purchase and it is this Kobo e-reader so
this is the case that I actually bought
didn't come with the case but this is
the case that I bought and this is
actually the e-reader and I'll take it
out so you can see what it looks like um
it's off right now but it shows the book
that I'm currently reading which is
divergent so um
stay tuned because I'll probably be
doing a book review on this book but
this is what it looks like it's purple
on the back really adorable um the key
in black or white I pick the white one
with the purple back and they had
different colors of backings and then I
got this case just to go with it so they
wouldn't get scratched up so you just
basically just slide it right in your
little case and that just kind of keeps
it you know safe and secure and the
reason why this up is because well first
of all let me state I when I first heard
about like readers I said I will never
in my life
purchase one of those horrible products
because I'm an English major I have an
English degree I love having a bookshelf
with books on the wall I love the idea
of flipping a page and I think it's
disgusting that you know you can read a
whole book and just in like a computer
gadget I thought it was like books were
kind of like the only thing we kind of
had left and now just like been
computerized so I was really against
Erie nurse for a long time um but books
are freaking expensive and when I I
usually take my book in my purse because
I read it on the bus or I read it on my
lunch break at work or wherever
um so sometimes the books I buy are
really thick and they don't fit my purse
so then I think well I guess I can just
only read it at home and end up taking
forever to get through a book just
because it's so inconvenient to carry it
around um and actually this I got this
eReader actually only a few days ago and
I'm obsessed with it
but I went into the store to get some
books because I I need to stock up on
books that I didn't have anything left
to read so I had two books in my hand
never like $40 from two bucks and then I
walked by the little Kobo station where
they had all these setup and they were
$99 so I was thinking okay so if I spent
$60 more I can get this device and I'm
never gonna have to buy a book in the
store again and the books are cheaper
when you buy them in an e-book some are
not as cheap but like for example I
think one of the books I got was like
1899 and then on the Cobos only $11.99
so if you do get one of these eventually
it will pay for itself um and I thought
I won't like it at first the first maybe
couple hours I had it I was like I don't
know if I like this but now I'm obsessed
with it um I bought a book divergent um
on Friday it is now Monday and I it
tells you how much you've read in your
book so I'm actually 61% done this book
already thing I like about this is it
tells you when you're reading a chapter
how many pages you have left in the
chapter so it'll say like you're on page
five of 24 pages of your chapter so then
I was like that I know how many more
pages I have to read until I can
I was like to break out a chapter so I
know how many more pages I have to read
until you know I can stop or whatever so
I really really like this I just wanted
to make this video just talking about
these because um I haven't seen any
really reviews on these kind of products
and I don't allowed me guys like to read
so I just thought I just give you my
little quick opinion on it um yeah and
that's about it so thank you guys so
much for watching and I'll see you my
next video bye